so looking at the text remaining problem
more closely we see that the problem is
similar to general data mining except
that we'll be focusing more on text data
and we're going to have text mining
algorithms to help us to turn text data
into actionable knowledge that we can
use in real world especially for
decision-making or for completing
whatever tasks that require text data to
support because in general in many
real-world problems of the remaining we
also tend to have other kinds of data
that are non-textual so a more general
picture would be to include non text
data as well and for this reason we
might be concerned with join the mining
of text and none text data and so in
this course we're going to focus more on
text mining but we'll also touch how to
to join the analysis of both text data
and non-cash data with this problem
definition we can now look at the
landscape of the topics in text mining
and analytics now this slide shows the
process of generating text data in more
detail more specifically a human sensor
or human observer would look at the
world from some perspective now
different people would be looking at the
world from different angles and they
will pay attention to different things
the same person at different time might
also pay attention to a different aspect
of the observed world and so the human
sensor would perceive the world from
some perspective and that human the
sensor would then inform a view of the
world and that can be called the observe
the world of course this would be
different from the real world because of
the perspective that the person has
taken this can often be biased also
now the observer war can be represented
as for example entity relation graphs or
more in a more general way using
knowledge representation language but in
general this is basically what a person
has in mind above the world and we don't
really know what exactly it looks like
of course but then the human would
express what the person has observed
using natural languages such as English
and the result is text data of course
the person could have used a different
than amity to express what he or she has
observed in that case we might have
texted data of mixed languages or
different languages so the main goal of
text mining is actually to revert this
process of generating test data and we
hope to be able to uncover some aspect
in this process and so specifically we
can think about mining for example
knowledge about the language and that
means by looking at text data in English
we may be able to discover something
about the English some music out of
English some patterns of English so this
is one type of mining problems where the
result is some knowledge about language
which may be useful in various ways if
you look at the picture we can also then
my knowledge about the observe the world
and so this has much to do with mining
the content of text data I wouldn't look
at what the text data are about and then
try to get the essence of it or
extracting high-quality information
about a particular aspect of the world
that we are interested in for example
everything that
has been said about the particular
person of little entity and this can be
regarded as mining content to describe
it observe the world in the users mind
on the person's mind if you look further
then you can also imagine we have mined
knowledge about this observers himself
or herself so this has also to do with
using text there are to infer the some
properties of this person and these
properties could improve the mood of the
person or sentiment of the person and
note that we distinguish it that observe
the world from the person because
texture I can describe what the person
has observed in an objective way but the
description can be also subjective with
sentiment and so in general you can
imagine the text data would contain some
factual descriptions of the world plus
some subjective comments so that's why
it's also possible to do text mining to
my knowledge about the observer finally
if you look at the picture to the left
the side of this picture then you can
see we can certainly also say something
about the real world
right so and indeed we can do text
mining to infer other real world
variables and this is often called
predictive analytics and we want to
predict the value of something
interesting variables so this picture
basically covered multiple types of
knowledge that we can mine from text in
general when we infer other real world
variables we could also use some of the
results from mining text data as
intermediate without to help the
prediction for example after we mine the
content of text data we might generated
some summary of content and that summary
could be then used to help us
predictor variables of the real world
now of course this is neut generator
from the original text data but I want
to emphasize here that often the
processing of text data to generate the
some features that can help with the
prediction is very important and that's
why here we show that the results of
some other mining tasks including mining
the content of text later and mining
knowledge above the observer can all be
very helpful for prediction in fact when
we have lamp extra data we could also
use the non text data to help prediction
and of course it depends on the problem
in general non text data can be very
important for such prediction tasks for
example if you want to predict the
stocks stock prices or changes of stock
prices based on discussion in the news
articles or in social media then this is
an example of using text data to predict
some other real-world variables and in
this case obviously the historical stock
price data would be very important for
this prediction and so that's example of
non text data that would be very useful
for the prediction and we can combine
both kinds of data to to make the
prediction now lamp extra data can be
also useful for analyzing text by
supplying context when we look at the
text there are alone will be mostly
looking at the content and/or opinions
expressed in text but text data
generally have also contacts associated
for example the time the location of
that are associated with the test data
and these are useful context information
and the context we can provide
interesting angles for analyzing text
they don't for example we might
partition text there are in two
different time periods because of the
availability of time now we can analyze
text data in each time period and then
make a comparison similarly we can
partition texts that are based on
locations or any metadata that's
associated to form interesting
comparison scenarios so in this sense
non text data can actually provide
interesting angles or perspectives for
text analysis and they can help us make
context sensitive analysis of the
content or the language usage or the
opinions about the observer or the
authors of text data we could analyze
the sentiment in different context so
this is a fairly general landscape of
the topics in text mining and analytics
in this course we're going to
selectively cover some of those topics
we actually hope to cover most of these
general topics first we're going to
cover a natural processing very briefly
because this has to do with
understanding text data and this
determines how we can represent the text
data for text mining second we're going
to talk about how to mine word
associations from text data and word
associations is a form of use for
lexical knowledge about a language
further we're going to talk about the
topic mining and analysis and this is
only one way to analyze content of text
but it's a very useful way of analyzing
content it's also one of the most useful
techniques in text mining and then we're
going to talk about the opinion mining
and sentiment analysis so this can be
regarded as one example of mining
knowledge about the observer
and finally we're going to cover a text
based of prediction problems where we
try to predict some real-world variable
based on text data so this site also
serves as a road map for this course and
we use this as an outline for the topics
that we'll cover in the rest of this
course
you